Add label in CONTRIBUTING.md, fix broken link (#1130)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [![outreach](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Outreach-fcbae8.svg)][labels-outreach] _These issues relate to topics to reach out to the community._

> - [![good-first-PR-review](https://img.shields.io/badge/-good%20first%20PR%20review-C992E0.svg)](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/labels/good%20first%20PR%20reviews) _These pull requests are for the new maintainers of The Turing Way to start with reviewing and merging tasks_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [![good-first-PR-review](https://img.shields.io/badge/-good%20first%20PR%20review-C992E0.svg)] These pull requests are for the new members of The Turing Way community who want to start with reviewing and approving some simple pull requests._
```

Author: Does clicking on the label redirect to [this](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/labels/good%20first%20PR%20review) link? I tried to refer to the format as given for labels but couldn't implement the redirection part, hence added the link.

Reviewer: That format works for other labels, this should work as well.

Reviewer: Oh, and in suggestions made with a comment this the original comment on this thread, you can directly add then by clicking on "commit suggestion" so you don't need to re-edit them in.

Author: Yes, did that for the other change. Will do that here as well.

>   If you are a new maintainer of The Turing way and are anxious about how to start reviewing and merging various contributions, these pull requests act as a great starting point for you to begin. Issues like small modifications, typo errors and minor bug fixes are resolved by these PRs which are easy to review as a beginner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you are a new member of The Turing way and are looking for opportunities to start as a reviewer of contributions made on our Github repository, these pull requests are a great starting point for you. Issues like small modifications, typo errors and minor bug fixes are resolved by these PRs which are easy to review as a beginner.
```

Author: Looks better! I will try to improve and become more clear in future. Thank you!
